Dad, you can't promise, stop talking
No amount of money is worth mentioning compared to human life
Hurry up and prepare the agreement
Wait, do you have anything else to do?
Dad has to ask the Shen family to marry him to me
Hmm, little Dushan
Did you hear what my son said?
Don't think about me even if I die
It is impossible to take a fancy to such a despicable rascal
Hmph, if you don't agree
Wait for god to come
Be careful of your life
You don't have to threaten me, I'm not afraid of him
Hahaha, I'm afraid you don't know
It's hard for you to die if you want to be branded in the hands of me and God
That's right, hahaha, if he doesn't agree
I put him in the dark room
Torture him slowly
It's exciting if you want it or not
It seems
You insist that I call a friend over today
Cut off your Zhao family's way of life
kid
The sky will be here soon, and you are still bragging here
You won't know how you died later
Hu Tian, if he dares to come today
It would be a nightmare of his life
Boy, I think you are crazy
Then you look late.
Zhao Hailong of the Axe Gang recognized Wu Tian as his godfather
Said to kill me, I don't want to kill myself
Please help me solve it.